I had a good opportunity to meet a really smart Chinese person when I
was working as a, when I was education abroad here in Japan. So, I finished
and I went to USC to start my master's and he finished and he
went back to China to start his start-up. I had to ask him a few questions
for the games I was making at USC and he was asking how to
design a virtual reality program that he was making for me and we found
out that we work pretty well together, you know, we both thought
we were pretty smart, we both thought like, we work well together,
we made each other laugh, so he said, "Hey, why don't you join my start-up?"
So, I was there as a founding member and the games that we're
making, we've made many in fact. One is that we used a Kinect to
be combined with a Leap Motion controller and you can move around the
play area in this kind of like virtual reality world, fighting dragons.
Another game that I made was made with the VIVE controller and
where you shoot zombies. The current game that we're making is supposed
to be really really popular. It's basically a cross between Super
Mario and Legend of Zelda, where you just walk in this world going
up and up, trying to fight this monster at the top. It's really cool
and it's a, people say it's a lot of fun.